+++
authors = []
date = 2020-11-06T12:00:00Z
excerpt = "We never stop talking about the FAITHFULNESS of GOD. But as His Child are You FAITHFUL? As a Partner are You FAITHFUL?   A FAITHFUL Man is so rare that you'll always Bless GOD for finding one in your life. Such Men are not found everywhere...   It's not what they say to you about themselves that matters, but a careful observation of the words versus actions. "
hero = "/uploads/pexels-joao-jesus-3512506.jpg"
timeToRead = 0
title = "...a faithful man who can find? Proverbs 20:6 [KJV] "

+++
**"Most men will proclaim every one his own goodness: but a faithful man who can find?**

**Proverbs 20:6 \[KJV\]**

**Lots of people claim to be loyal and loving,**

**but where on earth can you find one?**

**Proverbs 20:6 \[MSG\]**

You know when I stumbled on this Verse again, I said to myself, it is not only rare to find A VIRTUOUS WOMAN, but also rare to find A FAITHFUL MAN!

I use to think the focus is only on women, but NO NO! The version of a Man is even more - WHO CAN FIND A FAITHFUL MAN? WHERE ON EARTH CAN YOU FIND ONE?

Who can find a Virtuous woman...?

Who can find a Faithful Man?

I know we ALWAYS acknowledge and declare God's Faithfulness. He's ever FAITHFUL in all things.

In this case, we're not referring to GOD but to Man.

What's FAITHFUL?

FAITHFUL: Loyal; adhering firmly to person or cause; Consistent with reality.

Again,

> Lots of people claim to be loyal and loving,
>
> but where on earth can you find one?
>
> Proverbs 20:6 \[MSG\]

This attribute is so crucial in the life of a Man that the challenging question is asked, "where on earth can you find one? Who can find one?"

We never stop talking about the FAITHFULNESS of GOD. But as His Child are You FAITHFUL? As a Partner are You FAITHFUL?

A FAITHFUL Man is so rare that you'll always Bless GOD for finding one in your life. Such Men are not found everywhere...

It's not what they say to you about themselves that matters, but a careful observation of the words versus actions.

See what God said about Abraham,

For I  have known him, in order that he may command his  children and his household after him, that they keep the  way of the LORD, to do righteousness and justice, that  the LORD may bring to Abraham what He has spoken to  him.”

Genesis 18:19

Just last Sunday (1st November, 2020) My Dad was telling some people, "I'm not surprised about this, I know My son; when he said he'll do this thing that Day - when God does that, I know he'll surely do it." He still came to Me and said, "I told them I'm not surprised that you'll do it. Thank you for keeping to your Words."

GOD says For I have known him,... These are not known by meeting them once or them telling you; they are known and confirmed by "faithful witnesses" around.

Many proclaim themselves loyal, but who can find one worthy of trust?

Proverbs 20:6 NRSV

Many a man proclaims his own loyalty and goodness, But who can find a faithful and trustworthy man?

Proverbs 20:6 AMP

There are many who say, “You can trust me!” But can they be trusted?

Proverbs 20:6 CEV